DOC: Section on RTD version switcher (#1280)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/readthedocs.md

This theme comes with support for {{ rtd }}, a popular service for hosting documentation in the scientific Python community.

## Version switcher

Projects hosted on {{ rtd }} can use the {{ rtd }} supplied version switcher instead of the [version switcher that this theme provides](version-dropdown.rst).
Its presence will be automatically detected by this theme, and placed in the `rtd-footer-container` node inside the primary sidebar.

```{warning}

> The {{ rtd }} version switcher will be hidden any time the primary sidebar is hidden (see [this section](#layout-sidebar-primary) for discussion of when the primary sidebar might get hidden automatically and how to hide it purposely).

Reviewer: hmm, the `[this section](#layout-sidebar-primary)` crossref isn't working.  It's meant to go to here: 

https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/blob/a55cb93fef8cc57a85f9235dda784d0769aaa03d/docs/user_guide/layout.rst?plain=1#L299-L302

@VeckoTheGecko do you know how to do crossrefs correctly from a MystMD page to an rST page?  (I don't work with MystMD very often)

This theme comes with support for {{ rtd }}, a popular service for hosting documentation in the scientific Python community.

## Version switcher

> Rather than using the [version switcher that this theme provides](version-dropdown.rst),
> this theme also supports the ReadTheDocs version switcher by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects hosted on {{ rtd }} can use the {{ rtd }} supplied version switcher instead of the [version switcher that this theme provides](version-dropdown.rst).
Its presence will be automatically detected by this theme, and placed in the `rtd-footer-container` node inside the primary sidebar.
```

```{warning}

> Currently the ReadTheDocs version switcher is located in the left sidebar, which
> is only visible on mobile or on pages which implement sectioning (hence
> displaying the left sidebar). Future work is to
> [include the ReadTheDocs version switcher in the top navigation bar](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/issues/705).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{ rtd }} version switcher will be hidden any time the primary sidebar is hidden (see [this section](#layout-sidebar-primary) for discussion of when the primary sidebar might get hidden automatically and how to hide it purposely).
We intend to make {{ rtd }} switcher placement more flexible; you can track progress toward that in [this issue](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/issues/705).
```
